A set of instructions for preparing a particular dish, including a list of the ingredients required is known as recipe.

Recipe for Red Velvet Cake includes:-
1.First preheat your oven to 350 F (176 C). Next let's make our cake batter. Start by creaming your butter and your white granulated or caster sugar together in a large bowl. Use a hand mixer or stand mixer to do this.
2.Now we add in our eggs one at a time. So drop one egg in, mix, once that egg is completely incorporated do the other egg. Make sure to scrape the sides of the bowl as well with a spatula.
3.Now we add in our cocoa powder. It is a good idea to run it through some kind of a sifter. Cocoa powder tends to get a bit lumpy. Then mix again and scrape the sides as needed. Throughout this whole process we don't want to over mix, just until things are incorporated. If we mix too much we will add too much air into the batter which can cause air pockets in our cake.
4.Now add in your vanilla extract to your buttermilk as well as your white vinegar. If you don't have buttermilk you can make some by taking just shy of one cup of regular milk and adding one tablespoon of lemon juice or vinegar and then let it sit out for about 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in the vinegar and vanilla extract until combined.
5.Now we add in our oil to the buttermilk mixture. Next add in about 2 to 2 and 1/2 Tablespoons of red food coloring liquid. Then stir, until the mixture is a nice red color. Set that mixture aside for now.
6.Next we will add our salt and baking soda to our flour. You can use cake flour or all-purpose flour. Cake flour tends to work a little bit better, but all-purpose works great too. Use a whisk to combine those ingredients.
7.Next we will add in about half of our food coloring buttermilk mixture and about half of our flour mixture, then turn on the mixture and mix until just combined. Give the sides of the bowl a good scrape, then complete the process until all the ingredients have been mixed leaving you with a nice red velvet cake batter.
8.Now we just fill up two 9 inch or 8 inch cake pans with equal amounts of cake batter. Make sure to use shortening or kitchen spray on the pans and then dust them with cocoa powder or flour and I always add a little round cut out of parchment paper on the bottom too as an added precaution, and my nonstick pans are great, but I like to over-do it. lol Also it is a good idea to lightly tap the pans with the batter in it, this will allow any cake bubbles to rise to the top, which helps to prevent air pockets, but sometimes it is unavoidable and you just get them, a combination of over mixing, etc. But it won't effect the taste of the cake at all! So don't worry about it. I never do. lol now bake those cakes for 23 to 30 minutes until when a toothpick comes out clean after poking it in the middle.
9.Now after the cakes come out of the oven let's leave them alone and allow them to cool in their pans for about 10 minutes. After that we can remove them from their pans, remove the parchment paper and then let the cakes cool completely on the rack. Afterwards you can place the cakes in the fridge and let them chill, which helps with the frosting, or just go onto the the frosting step now, it's totally up to you! 